Solution architecture

ListProduct component
What is the purpose of the component?to display a list of products
What data does the component need to receive as input? nothing
How should the data be structured and formatted? product name and in the same line the proce
Are there any dependencies or external libraries that the component needs to use? null
What should the component render to the screen? list of <Product>
How should the rendered output be structured and formatted? divs with purple background with the product info
What are the component's default or initial values? a list of 5 product object
How should the component handle user interactions, such as clicks or input changes? with each click a product is added to the list
Are there any special considerations or edge cases that need to be handled? when there are no more product display an alert
How should the component behave in response to changes in its input data or state? there is no input data, if chastatenge
is made to the state it should display the new
How should the component be tested, and what are the expected results of each test?
How should the component be documented, including its purpose, inputs, outputs, and usage examples?

Regarding communication with other components:
Does the component need to communicate with other components in the same hierarchy or with parent components? with child
component. it should pass it props
What data or functions need to be passed down to child components as props?
data: product object
function: null
How should the component handle events triggered by sibling components? null


Product component
What is the purpose of the component?to display one product
What data does the component need to receive as input? nothing
How should the data be structured and formatted? product name and in the same line the price, purpule background, 30% of screen size
Are there any dependencies or external libraries that the component needs to use? null
What should the component render to the screen? one product
What are the component's default or initial values? a list of 5 product objectit doesnot have a state
How should the component handle user interactions, such as clicks or input changes? no user interaction
Are there any special considerations or edge cases that need to be handled? null
How should the component behave in response to changes in its input data or state? no state
How should the component be tested, and what are the expected results of each test?
How should the component be documented, including its purpose, inputs, outputs, and usage examples?

Regarding communication with other components:
Does the component need to communicate with other components in the same hierarchy or with parent components? yes, it should get an product object
as props and display the product title , description and price
How should the component handle events triggered by sibling components? null
